Introduction
============

If you or a loved one has recently suffered a heart attack, participating
in a cardiac rehabilitation program can optimize your recovery and improve
longevity.

But despite extensive medical literature showing that cardiac rehabilitation
programs both save and improve lives, only a dismal 10-20% of patients opt to
participate.

The main factors that keep patients from participating in these potentially
life-saving programs are anxiety over the exercise regimen, and because it may
be difficult getting to the rehab facility.

Wouldn't it be nice if patients could participate in a cardiac rehabilitation
program in the comfort of their own home, under the guidance and supervision
of a health care team, with their own personalized exercise prescription, and
without the cost and hassle of traveling to a major cardiac rehab center.

This vision is not just a dream; this vision is now a reality.

We present Esoma, a pioneering gaming interface that allows patients to
particpiate in a cardiac rehab program at home.

Esoma makes cardiac rehab fun and engaging by transforming monotonous
exercises into exciting games and adventures. Participants can, for example,
virtually explore the world or play games with their friends and families.

Esoma incorporates wireless physiological monitoring that makes the rehab
experience safe and hassle-free, thus empowering patients to take control
of their own health and well-being, and enabling them to achieve their life
goals.

By allowing patients to participate in a rehab program in the comfort of their
own homes, Esoma gives patients the guidance and confidence they need to
adhere to their regimen and reduce their risk of another heart attack.
